Update Kotlin docs (#218)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/introduction/examples-and-resources.md

## Android - Kotlin

> - Sample Wallet and Dapp apks can be found under the lates release tag in [Kotlin repository](https://github.com/WalletConnect/WalletConnectKotlinV2/tags)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sample Wallet and Dapp .apk files can be found under the latest release tag in [Kotlin repository](https://github.com/WalletConnect/WalletConnectKotlinV2/tags)
```
